add scoping example for let-const-var (#59)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-3: learning-another-language/variables.md

```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> ### Scope of var vs let & const

Reviewer: spell things out, and use code marking for emphasis

```suggestion
### Scope of `var` versus `let` and `const`
```

> When creating a variable using `let` and `const` will scope the variable to the block it is in.  In the below example `i` and `name` are defined inside of the `for-of` loop and are scoped to the loop so are not accessable outside of the loop.  This applies to all blocks of code in JavaScript, except conditionals (if statements).  

Reviewer: The true block in the example is the stuff in the {}. It feels potentially confusing to talk about the variable definition in the head while talking about the block. So I would introduce the main block stuff with very strong statements about when the variable is visible, and then as a by the way, note that for for loops, the condition head is considered part of the block. I don't feel like the notice about ifs is needed, since it's syntactically illegal to define a variable in an if condition (wants an expression, but var/let/const are statements). This also rules out while loops (expression required), so I feel it's better to avoid mentioning it.

And single spaces after periods, please (consistency).

```suggestion
When creating a variable, using `let` and `const` will scope the variable to the block that contains it. In the example below, `name` is defined inside of the `for-of` loop's block. It is _scoped_ to the block. It is not accessible outside of the block. This applies to all blocks of code in JavaScript.

In JavaScript, the `for` family of loops (`for`, `for-in`, `for-of`) consider the loop's condition to be within the block scope of the loop as well. So the variable `i`, defined in the condition of the `for-of` loop, is also _scoped_ to the block, and cannot be accessed outside of the block.
```

```javaScript
const nums = [14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20];

for (let i of nums) {
    console.log(`i is ${i}`);
    const name = 'peter';
    console.log(`name is ${name}`);
}

console.log(i); // ReferenceError: i is not defined
console.log(name); // ReferenceError: name is not defined

```

> On the other hand, when using `var` the variable is scoped to the function it is defined in.

Reviewer: Strengthen the contrast a bit. Also, this example doesn't show the code being in a function, which might be confusing without acknowledging that.

```suggestion
On the other hand, when using `var`, the variable is instead scoped to the _function_ that contains it, or if not in a function, to the global scope.
```

```javascript
const nums = [14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20];

for (var i of nums) {
    console.log(`i is ${i}`);
    var name = 'peter';
    console.log(`name is ${name}`);
}

console.log(i); // 20
console.log(name); // peter
```

> This can be very confusing!  Variables defined with `let` and `const` are scoped to the block they are defined in, whereas variables created with `var` are scoped to the function.  This can be confusing and can lead to bugs.  In general, i.e. **always**, it is best to use `let` and `const`.

Reviewer: Reworded to avoid the redundant-sounding double usage of confusing. Interjected i.e. is a punctuation mess (should be followed by a comma), so reworded to avoid that.

And single spaces after period.

```suggestion
This can be very confusing! Variables defined with `let` and `const` are scoped to the block they are defined in, whereas variables created with `var` are scoped to the function, or to the global scope. This is easy to overlook and can lead to bugs. As a result, it is a best practice to **always** use `let` and `const`.
```
